## Common mistakes (jv-web-practice)

* Don't use plural for package names
* Remember to add access modifiers
* Don't begin class or method implementation with empty line. Remove all redundant empty lines, be careful :)
* Use informative names for your controllers. Always start controller's name with a verb:
`GetAllManufacturersController`, `AddDriverToCarController` etc.
* Remember that single controller should be responsible for a single task.
* There is no need to add `@Inject` above service fields at the controllers
* Injector should be `static` and `final`:  
    ```java
        private static final Injector injector = Injector.getInstance("your.package");
    ```
* Remember that you can pass id of a manufacturer, car, or driver through the form where your models depend on one another. 
You can expect that the entity with this id already exists in the DB.
* Remove autogenerated comments from JSPs
* All checks to see if any field is empty or that field should accept only numbers should be done by JSP. 
HINT: use JSP input tag [properties](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html_form_input_types.asp)
* If you use `sendRedirect()` method in your controllers, please pass `request.getContextPath() + "/your-endpoint"` as a parameter.
Currently, the context path is empty, but if it is not, your code still should work.
* Let's use one style for creating URLs. Try putting at the first position in URL's name the name of the model with which we work.  
  If we work with the manufacturer - let's put it here: /[manufacturers]/.../... **It is good practice to use plurals.**
    - Good URLs naming in your project:
        ```
        /cars/drivers/add - (add driver to car)
        /cars/drivers/delete - (remove driver from car)
        /cars/drivers - (get all drivers from car)
        /drivers - (get all drivers)
        /drivers/add
        /drivers/delete
        /manufacturers/delete
        ```
    - Bad URLs naming in your project:
        ```
        /driver/create
        /Cars/addDriver
        /deleteDriverFromCars
        /Drivers/add
        /drivers/all
        /delete-driver
        /manufacturer_Delete
        ```
        
